now this is one of my favorite on trace
now it is a little bit more of a
restaurant dish but you can adapt it and
do it quite easily at home now the first
thing we're going to do we're going to
make an avocado mousse with a little bit
of wasabi nice ripe avocado she's going
to cut it in half
be very careful doing this just twist it
take the seed out little chop into it
pull it out peel the avocado avocado
into a little mixer got a little bit of
wasabi powder here we can use fresh
wasabi the powder is a little bit
stronger what we've got here is a little
bit of sugar syrup juice it will give it
that beautiful sweetness and it'll
balance with that heat of the wasabi and
just puree
right once you've actually pureed it
just taste it
now you get that real sweetness of the
sugar syrup to being taste wasabi but
with the sugar content you actually want
to add a little bit of acidity to it
just to combat it so the best thing is a
nice fresh light just put a little bit
of lime just into it
absolutely perfect
we'll just let that sit there the next
step is a beautiful dressing it's a
daikon dressing it's very typical of a
Japanese dressing it's got beautiful
balance now the first thing we're going
to do is to add all our liquids a little
bit of soy it's actually a light so you
don't want it too rich just into a bowl
a little bit of mirin marin's got a
little bit of sweetness to it so it's a
great balance also now the vinegar rice
wine vinegar always really important use
rice wine vinegar it's typical in
Japanese cooking so we just add that to
the base and we're going to be really
careful and add just a little bit of
sesame or sesame is really really strong
so you don't want to add too much so
just a couple drops now to give the
dressing a little bit of body we've got
a little bit of ginger rather than and
chopped up really far we've got a nice
marker paint here just get a great a
little bit of ginger into it if we're
gonna add some daikon which is basically
a Chinese radish
same thing again with a microplane
what's really important now with this
dressing is to actually let it infuse so
just let it sit as long as you possibly
can until you leave it right the next
thing to do is the salad it a little bit
of daikon very carefully nice thin
slivers a really important thing to do
is when you're chopping or you're
julienning is to make sure you keep
those fingers out of the way so I'm
going to rest the knife up against my
knuckles and I'm just going to slowly
chop and if you keep your fingers nice
and cold you don't have your fingernails
out and you won't chop them off
right there we have some nice little
battens now without cucumber we're going
to do two things with it we're gonna do
little strips or ribbons and we're going
to wrap it around so we can put our
ocean trap row on top of it and the
other ones we're going to actually Julie
in it so just peel to get our strips
we're just going to use a peeler we're
gonna try and dig into a little bit
harder and what we normally would we're
just gonna peel it what you've got is a
long strip like that and if we just wrap
it around like so it's like a little
casing now for our julienne about the
same size of the daikon
julienne strips put that into your bowl
you can see that now you've got a nice
little salad of daikon a cucumber we're
going to add a little mushrooms and
nokey mushrooms and just fold it through
that's really really important to have
good quality chili you want that
beautiful bright red color you want it
to be in nice little cubes like little
bite-size pieces
so we're just gonna be really careful
here and just cut straight down with a
nice chunk I'm just gonna even that up
so some nice little cubes you can see
the nice little bite-size pieces now to
put this dish together we've got our
beautiful little salad just gonna put a
little bit of baby coriander and it also
now you want to put the baby coriander
right at the end you don't want to put
it in when you actually make it yourself
in the beginning because you want a
little nice and profession you don't
want it to go too limp at all
so it's gonna sprinkle it over nice a
little bit of salad on the plate
now we're gonna grab our tuna and very
carefully it's gonna place it on top
now without cucumber we're just gonna
place it on top we've got our little
avocado wasabi mousse we're gonna pour
that into the top you really want to
just try and keep that shape now we've
got some beautiful salmon pearls
I'm just gonna pour that on top beauty
go overboard and really heap it on now
we're just gonna dress our tuna you can
see it a little bit too daikon up and
that's what you might want that texture
just pull that all over the top believe
it or not fresh wasabi is in season
we're just gonna put the smallest amount
just grate it over the top that's just
gonna add to the dish
and there you have it guys our beautiful
sashimi of tuna with a daikon and
cucumber salad
you